Clarify Java scaffold (#54)
euranova/code_retreat: scaffolds/java/README.md

# Java Scaffold for Code Retreat

## Option 1: use Docker wrapper scripts

> This scaffold comes with pre-configured Docker environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scaffold comes a with pre-configured Docker environment.
```

Author: ? typo ?

### Run the tests

> May need to pull the image (600MB) the 1st time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to pull the image (several hundred megabytes) the first time.
```

```
./scripts/test
```
Or, using [TCR/BTCR](https://github.com/euranova/code_retreat#tcr):
```
./../../scripts/[tcr|btcr]
```

### Run the app

```
./gradle run
```

> ## Option 2: Install Java and Gradle 4

Reviewer: We should definitely update to gradle 7 :). Would you be OK to include the update here ?

> TCR/BTCR scripts are not available because they use Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this options, TCR/BTCR scripts will not be directly available because they use `./gradle` 
(which calls Docker). If you wish to use TCR without docker, you can change either `./gradle` 
or the scripts in `./scripts/` so that it calls gradle directly without wrapping in a docker.
```

Author: will do

# Java Scaffold for Code Retreat

## Option 1: use Docker wrapper scripts

This scaffold comes with a pre-configured Docker environment.

### Run the tests
May need to pull the image (600MB) the 1st time.
```
./gradle.sh test
```
Or, using [TCR/BTCR](https://github.com/euranova/code_retreat#tcr):
```
./../../scripts/[tcr|btcr]
```

### Run the app

```
./gradle.sh run
```

## Option 2: use a locally installed Java environment
This option allows faster Gradle runs thanks to the Gradle daemon.
Java is required, for ex. 
[OpenJDK 11 tar.gz](https://download.java.net/java/GA/jdk11/9/GPL/openjdk-11.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz).

> With this options, TCR/BTCR scripts will not be directly available because they use `./gradle.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this option, TCR/BTCR scripts will not be directly available because they use `./gradle.sh`
```
